ok
it's good night - thursday 7 pm May 23
that left elisangela is ours close to pounds welcome once here the game
ax our new our new is president of embratur that some
news you will talk about the numbers that he wears the no requirement of
reciprocity of sight in all things I saw you now make a trip not
going to lose to the river at the time the goal is that we see in my acting career in
gold-plated in the house shooting at the devil s slum and even aki content and in
board as our chief of staff who will speak if you give Italian
after the formation of the real state in that the calm and to continue working for
hour later with benjamin natanel will also tell you which foot was centered on
select this morning to move to rattlesnake paraná and from there
'move helicopter to capanema the inauguration of the hydroelectric plant in low iguaçu
the weather conditions do not allow in his words then the inauguration
was made was carried out today to produce energy for approximately 1
million people almost 6 percent of the Brazilian population
so energy is very welcome never too much on the contrary
in the last few years we had peaks there is a lack of energy there was help until
beneficial to take the moment out of the line in addition to polluting the environment
so congratulations is the copel to the government of paraná ratinho was also there
and seizes the opportunity is on the way there were half a dozen for details of
paraná with us among them the red and black deputy of a son of clay and
nor had there breaking aquilani that had to work and was treated the
subject with red from the park road the settler's path that is inside beyond
of the iguaçu national park then road 17 new that the lack of
licensing and not connecting two in two areas beyond the region is mediator
So, on our part, we have already talked to the minister to face
the wards for the proper license and tries to see state license appears in the quite
exalted with alderman mouse together if god wants soon we will have this
the open road passes through the iguaçu park and will also help
in addition to transit, the flow of products, the question of
tourism in that region
yesterday we had a meeting with the northeastern bench and tomorrow we will be in reef
where is this going is our strategic plan for the northeast
we will advertise there too, even though it was a thing to remove the 13th scholarship issue
way it will take approximately two million two hundred in the month of
extra December for the Northeast region and also the issue of internet use in the
schools the minister landmark consumption of that
technology managed to make a satellite that cost
eight hundred thousand reais a day is really your signal can be used by
dt magazine since those performed is not these people at the supreme court
federal we thank the president of the supreme
top days federal court that helped resolve this is the situation too and he
already climbed is since then approximately 3,500 schools is from the
Brazil is a little more than 2000, only the Northeast until the end of the year will be 10 thousand
schools with an internet point and the satellite capacity is for 50 thousand
points so logically he receives the demands
makes the proper trip at the request of the mayor councilor deputy people of the people come and
will then make available that antenna that was at school with the community
so see if there will be 300 meters left, people have internet
this has changed already started to change life continues crowded in the classroom until
here quickly use is a little lacking that the consequences
the non-obligation of reciprocity seen in four countries japan canada states
united george w automatically we've already had a
52 percent increase in issuance in Brazilian reais
according to a given today I received it at bh here at the congress that had here a
another bh european tournament that represents 36 thousand hotels in brazil
according to its president manoel leal lowering his hair, right and we need to disclose
our country i want to ask you guys who are now watching us president
but it is not true the staff has replicated applying this
live the people who are outside of brazil say
that brazil has changed we are doing our homework
president we don't have can have music
we have no war we have a welcoming people few people know but 96
percent of foreign tourists coming to brazil come back
for brazil we have an average pole within brazil that the bay region
ana but we have an affection inside of Brazil which is the northeast of Brazil
we have 6 billion that few countries have the will to nature that fauna and
flora and fish truth that we have we have a cerrado the amazon the pope the
caatinga the wetland so talking about nature in brazil is raining in the wet
we have 8,500 kilometers of coastline, we need to disclose this from the waters
hurricane hot we don’t have around here we don’t have an earthquake
we have no theory in our brazil we have more than 30 thousand kilometers of rivers
clean water waterways we now have some corpses for example the price of
tickets today was a name today one of the biggest
bottlenecks of tourism in brazil is the price of courage
the citizen who lives in são paulo who is the biggest emitter of passage another one is more
cockroach who leaves sao paulo for australia
with a package included in a hotel than he left São Paulo to get to know
12 years old mother and gabriel da waterfall on the dog's head there with the municipality
of barcelos santa luzia do norte and that are in the waterfall area which are three
municipalities together that are bigger than são paulo
the black river in beautiful web the tourism the change and speaks out diverse then and a
Brazilian can’t pay to go there with the precipitate on the tickets today if
there will be a place where we have our mouth to the ground spoke a lot here speak
well today mom too before traveling to
rattlesnake we received a visit from the purchase of fitch casa and soon afterwards announced
today 6 billion in investments until 2024 and approximately 16 thousand new jobs
direct and indirect periods are also created there, I think it is very
important is to first highlight the result
positive of the president trip to the united states
o the united states supporting the entry of brazil since the 90´s that o
Brazil works to join this select group of countries
there are 36 countries where there is a country is to internalize the practices in the cd is better
not only does its internal governance improve the condition of the arrival of the
international investment is part of this process is important right from
internationalization of the Brazilian economy
the Brazil of all non-member countries is the most adherent to it is from there and have
the minister in this of foreign affairs with his team and we are and we see two
technicians here is from the civilian house one of them is the first doctor set and
then marcelo barros who is a tcu technician who came to work in our
government he is another five years and rebuilds the whole
this public governance project in brazil
monitored by cdf is already president in the transition of our government we already
we used this process of public governance and today the government for
employee is in tune with the governance process is recommended
by it is so strengthening the united states in supporting the entry of the
Brazil helps us and we estimate that maybe a period between two to three
years we can be in this select group of countries there with Brazil one more
opening up its economy what is most important to bring in jobs from
better quality of life the Brazilians and we send together with the
same time that I asked a restaurant not to accept this group right
and he accepted it and immediately afterwards released it and started working on it
It is also worth saying that I asked for oil for Brazil to be included in the condition
great ally and affront and two weeks ago he also gave this message to
American congress to include in this category we will have several advantages in
defense of power generation among other situations
so this is also very good because we approach the united states and without leaving
aside I have other countries that interest us to continue doing
business as my trip to china is planned in the second semester
we will be in argentina at the beginning now next month
we have a very special population with argentina
we must not deceive ourselves to exclude the political issues of other countries but
so we would like that argentina will continue if the path of democracy and
freedom to come back who was short in government the same thing to come back
here in Brazil that until recently here also knows the way to blame
passes inward through venezuela was cheering
we must announce something more with us when buying machines for
help argentina you can talk advanced the collection of the wines in the the
hemosul the good thing is brazil works together with the member countries of the mercosur in a
agreement is is with the technical community like the european the european common market
it is very complex right now is the french producers right
is to put a series of restrictions but we are working to in a way
production to be able to give better capacity for competitiveness of Brazilian products
and expanding the market is an agreement that could yield around 60 more
billions of dollars a year is and this is very important for the Brazilian economy
so we are working with care but walking towards this
internationalization process of brazil
Brazil has to align itself with the countries that are close to the countries that treat
with respect for entrepreneurial freedom and at the time republicans who
regrettably by the days and neurological Brazil came to pass from rich that
you walk I will tell you who you really are they do not go here and ignore was the
trade partnerships with economically more but weaker countries than
that we but want to bring everyone together without ideological bias will start
you are we also did not travel is to ask for daniel engagement and pledged
publicly supported then practically in that country window that presents our
minister threatened me today among others 90 practically quite
right right for us to enter the final right and I do
it will be all right for us to remember the 70 years of the UN stadium
is we had the 71st gym in the state of israel
that and 200 words until we speak here we my our world us
40s and telling the world by hand a partner who is from that time is just because
after so many years 50 does not want to midwife israel world by the hands of a
partner that is to play a great match congratulations izael when we are there
we signed half a dozen defense and technology and culture agreements
we have a lot to learn from them we also have huge potential here and
this approximation with Celtic being exceptional we now also have in
middle of the year already everybody on the 20th we have there is private meetings
Japanese we will deal with a lot who knows the
sign an agreement on Amazonian biodiversity among so many other things that
we can sign with japan and wanting to do that the whole world we don't have
restriction is in partnership the two sides win we will seek this
anyway when a ball said here to the public staff of the
federal police worked the proposal a lot together or
Even Paulo descends from the economy and got the go-ahead at the pole of big names
of the prestigious humor is anyone who can do it works and today
signed a decree authorizing the appointment of 1,047 new federal police officers
done as soon as possible I just make a pass in brasília and then right
some time with my son eduardo costa did not do in the past and he goes here
and spread around Brazil and help us with what everyone knows that
federal police is it in brazil gilson do hydrogen a minute come on
going back to talking about our homework we have to celebrate today even not
talk of the cne in the chamber to enter the first foreign company to operate
between brazil and europe this is an achievement of the government
bolsonaro maybe not only in the mainstream media but you
we do not realize that you are unaware of the importance that this act represents
we need to transform a professional president today was quoted in
congress as president of tourism because he is the first president who
turns not black when the first president was appointed was 14
what is transforming the good game chance is actually formed by the piece of the
rio Cuiabá where each piece that this championship is like this is the crowd
make tourism a state policy and not a government policy
we have several projects including inversion of old age needs to be
including Brazilian tourism the whole world uses tourism for everything
in old age there is no specific policy where patricia
unit more and more people retire in brazil and have the roles we have
high and low season why not make a specific policy on participation
for example also for those over 65 years of age
these people suffer from depression a lot of people stay indoors
I don’t go out it was for the people in the area that I already talked with a hand of
hair and he said he agrees to try 50% kent wells is to have sleep even
sent a hug said that the tower owned the hotel east will hit will use the
back from the michele band of the first our first lady of what she thought I
am did not have hotel vila galé another orientation this is it
transform tourism into state policy like france with spain's
beautiful of the crisis there is a portugal transformed and came out of the crisis and we will
make an excuse for meddling the manuel rocket law which is the unlocking of the
ours by karzai waheed zaman rocket at a public hearing in the chamber of
councilors claiming it wasn't here at the breno stadium the shopnow time one day
I passed this audio from 5 - to the 22 ministers last Tuesday
in short he wants a small sink right with the house on top to sell him some
beasts river the egg a class is still family affection and
then he started talking about the pilgrimage of premium license and license for that
is from the end is in the crucible is running away from the police you think table and not five
minutes listening is dozens of documents that I needed to vote for
we are running the first tour of his residence that does not believe the 600
meters today I believe she goes to the bedroom
walking about 900 meters in length gets complicated so this in
our mpb part of economic freedom answered it wants to say something
I think it’s very important president and since his
campaign is you sir the government has commanded us and
fulfilled because the commitments assumed and allied the measure used to
economic freedom for the first time since Brazil is a republic
the citizen just one the city comes to the faith of the government and he is right
he is not a public agent he is right he does not prove anything he goes there
clear and easy your craft does its job and manuel rocket and if the
his attempt was now after the provisional measure that 90% of the problems
as long as they exist then they have a spectacular reach
so president this is important from brazil you know a little bit of married
I don't take anything better than doing a ping pong that you want to talk
American Second Amendment of 1780 I always said I will read here being
necessary the security of a free state the existence of a well-established militia
organized the people's right to own deuza a ans
it cannot be prevented 1791 afterwards we had the independence of brazil
in 1822 love games just look that while this amendment here Americans beyond the hour
after pubis then we made the decree of two
weeks and then the justice sheet the prosecutor
filed a lawsuit in the supreme is also parliamentarians and parties so it entered
with the project is the jet to revoke make our secret void
so we raised here where there was an incidence of complaints about it
and for us there are no problems with justice or with the camera and putting in
risk is the whole decree we studied is together with the general advocacy of
union the civilian house of justice the defense was not
a lot of things are 90% preserved and we mitigated some things in the law that
intelligence that would have the army responsible for that version of that
responsible person of 60 with all due respect not only the head of the teacher is
called we will talk and put that without reading the army will
fulfill because there was misery defense the decree had full support from the minister
the defense's fernando then the weapon of authorization is authorized here
permitted use of fire, right, there were restrictions made by cali 17
km 44 bardot 45 to 75 7 is still allowed, all linked in limiting the size
field and prevent someone there over there if anything less than 5 5 meters per
45 didn’t basically run away from combat so I don’t think anyone until us here
recognize what would suit you the most, but since the size collection of
rifle in rural area ok so just the case rifle scouting
of the snakes be done by the army command going to rifle
in addition small arms without any problem
even the term was in Brazil the concept of
residence, right, inside your residence, you could not because such and with regard to
rural property was also in the covered area injury I could have fought and mourned in its
ownership we allow this so that everyone that everyone
we will have on your property on your land and that the secretariat will be able to use your soul
within 500 hectares without any problem and I say more
we talked on Sunday, but then you can put together a bill for
southern authorship is in that line also would not be decree
law that if approved what avoids any questioning tocantins does not work
congratulations to our gauchão and rodrigo maia who is also going to the vote and if this
project the timeframe of five to ten detail that has been changed and you continue with
that driver 4 beetle car that wants to drive for example a brasilia
valid driver's license any horse in that category and try the
our record our size and worth for all hours
there are people in two classes there also allowing up to two hours a day to take 22
records answered there is no reason to leave is full term
the subjectivity in the car to see that there was no change
the amount of armament had to have a definition is written in the law and we
there four weapons of permitted use remain
for ordinary people except for karts
the collector can have five of each model of permitted use and uses
fried is the hunter 15 each model the sniper 30 of each model
it's a good size we didn't have that in the past
despite the ammo limit we put ammo limit and some circumstances
thousand per year for weapons and ammunition for restricted use 55 thousand per year for permitted use
passive extension with authorization from the army authorization from the
army over 5,000
is what we have the guarantee of transit a short unisanta for the protection of the cap
to the next with stability that the square is sergeant Corporal had no bearing
depends on a vision of the commander and now the decree guaranteed him to leave
nor against the military of the paid reserve in tocantins 2
and he is in that situation that proof of the necessary staff
and you don’t need it here, it’s already guaranteed to remove the proof of
effective in that there he follows as if he were a civilian who seeks to obtain his possession
in its firearm possession the market opening module the monopoly
was broken will portal power out takes effect two months from now
for example, I didn’t want to offend when preparing for countries.
weapons and we are doing something to say what you citizen decide 2005
because we created a referendum to say about Brazil we will not be able to continue
selling weapons and ammunition or worked hard on it that the vote did not
we won the trophy approximately two thirds 65% even 65% in the stage
since then allowing the purchase of arms and ammunition only that the
governments that was at that time the pt did not do what the pt likes everything been
in the hand since that more than authoritarian bias and a ball of string
commerce calling the people to them they imposed a criminal calling mother
so I'm a criminal thug could have if he had anything not everyone could
have thought I don't know but it would be in favor of releasing the idea but neither
this happened the quality continues to increasingly
mark and increased if the number of deaths with this direction we will not repeat here
in my hand firearm possession decree at the end of January was better
it arrived at the beginning of February for the entire anti-crime project
and we had a 24% reduction in the number of deaths from firearms
if you had to increase responsible credit
miss osama same way would also be would be crucified at that time is
exactly the content is the same thing we want to reduce the number of
traffic accidents that can make a bold decision
talked with benicio tests of the structure was on the table in almost 10
I did not ask for orders for 8 mi few new sparrows new electronic spines can
to lose the caxias to shelter the clea captain like me but the old dream of
that he then athlete if he wins does not have new new priests and on roads
federal government have a pension after some small groups to the place the deviation does not
have the code you nobody is the team has a curve in the front but a bluff
at km 80 95 I soon noticed that there that I to mount the guy okay
then and the federal statements the contracts are expiring right
we are not going to renew it so if it has for the new and spanish highway and it worked
we must not believe that the municipality says it believes in you citizen
that you responsible completed your duty and mandate tv hanna is small the
economic freedom believe in whoever wants to produce believe in the driver if
so I repeat here next week we will reach the final of
our president rodrigo maia and davi a condo there we also have a good
relationship that sheds a provisional measure for this change in the code
of transit and the mayor owes three things here which i think is important
the first of which is the official who is the first president since the referendum
and respected the decision that the Brazilian population takes all the rest
contradicted the decision a little bit that morning
what we are guaranteeing with an arms possession decree and now the
decree that organizes snipers and hunters collectors we we are
guaranteeing the free option the free right the person chooses whether or not he wants to have
a call now for her to be okay guys
it has rules and conditions that it must comply with and finally it was a commitment
from the president of the condition here a rural producer anywhere in the
brazil the local producer she could have the weapon for her daily life
a gun on a farm she’s like any other instrument she’s part of
of people's lives and for example we have situations is on the border with the
uruguay to argentina and paraguay very serious provoked by the wild boars the
wild boar when it crossed our port and it acquires a capacity a
impressive aggressiveness is that they eat for example if there were 50 60 70
lambs they eat of the condemned attack dogs attacked people
prefer people and have already killed people so we need to have this
defense condition it is not possible to be in the middle of the field makes a police
presented there where the nearest police station is 100 kilometers from
farm he needs to have the scheme
the actor came out in defense of the president this is to give the citizen the right
Brazilian that we have been denied since 2005 the concerts in Beijing
the question of the boar boot on google plays neither attacks and will see each scene and
terrible damage from attacking and killing humans
that's it, they breed themselves despite the monstrous 70 a year each couple fran and
band called meta in geometric progression so hunting is the only home
liberated brazil even so some states have the registration because it depends
of the state at the most there is no obligation to
home but she wants from me she has no admiration for a car in brazil confirmed
that the president is important to give a compliment to the team of sage of the subchefia
legal framework that gives openness and work to the whole government because the first
decree according to the decree did not have the personalities people confused it right
unconditionality with the question of merit and all questions of medium
needed to be adjusted it was not even a second decree so I want here
to say that the team brought safety president to you and most importantly
gave tranquility to those who are there on the edge who need to look for the excellent
work done by the chief of the passage jorge oliveira is not a police major
military df is the name of the gang already had a big hug to all policemen
enter Brazil through the representative you have, among others
here inside they help them and a lot in that area the last news the approval of 70 and 80
it was approved the af was there for the justice continues the
no executive until he is voted next week
you are the senate that must approve what was voted for in the deputies chamber and
we will follow more important guidelines, right? our ps counter top craze is a house
of him to be quite young some still think that the whole unit will still
not even have time to see you will lose a vote without any problem and whoever has
more vote takes now our bench will not hinder polls
in what depends on me I want because the sentence marked people who are going
working does not logically send the free ones does not believe in
work death and in that sense that is joice rossi may in rio for work
in this sense so that we seek in the best possible way to serve the people but
parliament is more than authority has the legitimacy to change these
people I have but presenting for years in Brazil we arrived and 39
ministries that was a job hanger the political sponsored we approved
today the result of the president's decision is a structure with 22 ministries that are
lean teams to serve brazil next week employees so what
I ask my released he the party will ask for old caution that now that
passed in the chamber is a symbolic vote lightning in the attack and touches touches the boat
we will not go more than 95 percent of what is good so logically the parliament
made his change haiti will encourage to recognize and this he does well for the
democracy
obviously we play together doesn’t exist is a couple who have a child
handsome has to go out with something was his son was look I have is it be
I also wanted to thank you for the welcome I had in the valley
of the entire tourist trade in the valley of the riverside of the politicians of the
mayors and councilors in the region of the valley of the ribeira of his brother renato
thrilled man well and I have never seen so much I trust my life made I saw
there guys i was impressed i met noronha the pernambucano but i
I come a lot of golf there I will not go May 19 the film in cinnamon than in 91 will be
in my course and that still tell you something is you and I did it there friend of
Brasilia the total of godard was an adventure
the golden one and let's go people you can stop at all england registration if you want
the electorate from São Paulo, I think it is better to use current account coffee to make
reading the vote in front of the river swept the silva is a wonderful walk several
affluent that a part of the taquari among others
the fantastic journey of people that riverside above will pass for years in
help the muse will get to maybe the defender who works
now for the boldness that a family of golden orange deliver the baby a
natural girl from portalegre also up to the photo also read a walk a lot for
make a gesture that in the region of iguape cananéia long island to the car until
a jet ski to refuel on the way there is no nautical port there you
speaks of a 20 liter gallon wants the well that supplies you can look
colleagues the car 10 20 colleagues jet ski what a most beautiful thing is wonderful
you will know a region you will not really believe that there is still the dust
in general he is in são paulo pass by miracatu ju there is registration for registration
jacupiranga and falls to the right he is the golden polish is the most beautiful city
from the bathroom and I'm sure that Israel is just news is the lady who
sought us out the time ago the land is going to be fined two and a half billion
for selling papers to escape special attention from the states
united since you do a wrong thing the animal catches it then a fine
millionaire and a part of that change is coming to is for Brazil cannot
be applied until the problem, then theodore lady tried to pass it too
by the supreme court minister alexandre moraes congratulations to him who
we length and this feature is used by the executive branch right
at first it must be used by the ministry of education and then it turns out that
he would contest from 3.6 percent to 3.6 and not 30 is 30 of the 23 visionary k30 out of 23
you do not accept percent so practically recomposes it all is
so life makes no one like it when nothing else Jesus himself seeks
now little was contingent last week 8 5 million said william latuf
vegetative state I already called what Paulo is
5 million I think it helps a few minutes look
the brasilia hospital and president did not leave it cheap for as much as he
arrived now going to sleep you have to collect
i want i want to thank the president for the confidence and say i will not
disappoint thank you thank you very much is the mother of god
want we will be in personal exercise until the daughter if you want one
business so thank you so much for the illness